:sparkles: Add go/v4-alpha base and migration guide from go/v3 to go/v4-alpha (#3032)
kubernetes-sigs/kubebuilder: docs/book/src/migration/legacy.md

# Migration guides from Legacy versions < 3.0.0

Following the migration guides from the Legacy Kubebuilder versions up its v3x version.
Note that from v3 a new ecosystem using plugins looking for a better maintainability, re-usage and user

> experience was introduced. 

Reviewer: Nits:
> Note that from v3, a new ecosystem using plugins is introduced for better maintainability, reusability and user experience.

> experience was introduced. 

Reviewer: Nits:
> Note that from v3,  a new ecosystem using plugins is introduced for better maintainability, reusability and user
experience .

> For more info see the [Extensible CLI and Scaffolding Plugins: phase 1][plugins-phase1-design-doc], 

Reviewer: Nits:
```
For more info, see the design docs of:
- [Extensible CLI and Scaffolding Plugins: phase 1][plugins-phase1-design-doc]
- [Extensible CLI and Scaffolding Plugins: phase 1.5][plugins-phase1-design-doc-1.5]
- [Extensible CLI and Scaffolding Plugins - Phase 2][plugins-phase2-design-doc]

Also, you can check the [Plugins section][plugins-section].

# Migration guides from Legacy versions < 3.0.0

> Following the migration guides from the Legacy Kubebuilder versions up its v3x version.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Follow the migration guides from the legacy Kubebuilder versions up the required latest v3x version.
```
